feat: add docker-compose.quick.yml and fix onboarding docs (#1881)
apache/datafusion-ballista: docs/source/user-guide/deployment/docker-compose.md

# Starting a Ballista Cluster using Docker Compose

> Two Compose files are provided. Choose based on whether you need the last stable release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two docker-compose.yml files are provided. Choose based on whether you need the last stable release
```

or want to run against local source changes.

## Option 1: Pre-built images (no local build required)

> `docker-compose.quick.yml` pulls images directly from GHCR — no Rust toolchain needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker-compose.prebuilt.yml` pulls images directly from GitHub Container Registry (GHCR) — no Rust toolchain needed.
```
1) Do not use abbreviations which are not mentioned earlier
2) rename `quick` to `prebuilt` ?!

> Images are published on each stable release; `latest` tracks the most recent release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images are published for each release of Ballista; `latest` tracks the most recent release,
```

not the `main` branch.

```bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.quick.yml up
```

See the [quickstart guide](quick-start.md) for connection instructions and data volume setup.

## Option 2: Build from source

> `docker-compose.yml` builds executor and scheduler images from the local Dockerfiles.

Reviewer: I'd suggest to rename `docker-compose.yml` to something that tells the user that (s)he needs to build Ballista locally, e.g. `docker-compose.local.yml`

> The Dockerfiles copy pre-compiled binaries — they do **not** run `cargo build` themselves.

Reviewer: I wonder whether the Dockerfile should start building instead of copying. Assuming the local Git clone is mounted the build will reuse and increment build whatever is already available in the user's target/ folder.

You must compile first:

```bash

> # Step 1 — compile (requires Rust + protoc, takes ~20 min cold)

Reviewer: `~20 min` depends on your hardware.
For me it takes 3 mins to `cargo clean && cargo build --release` the whole project.

Author: Agreed. I will remove the time taken estimates.

cargo build --release

# Step 2 — build Docker images and start the cluster
docker compose up --build
```

Skipping Step 1 will cause the build to fail because the `COPY target/release/ballista-*`
instruction in the Dockerfiles will find no binaries to copy.

Expected output after a successful start:

```

> ballista-scheduler_1  | Ballista Scheduler listening on 0.0.0.0:50050

Reviewer: Which version of Docker Compose do you use ?
v2 prints the names with `...-N` suffix, not `..._N`.

Author: I am using v2. This is a mistake. It did show ...-N for me. Will edit this.
